Update remaining docs for Operator v2alpha1 spec (#17623)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/cluster_agent/setup.md

This automatically updates the necessary RBAC files for the Cluster Agent and Datadog Agent. Both Agents use the same API key.

> This also automatically generates a random token in a `Secret` shared by both the Cluster Agent and the Datadog Agent to secure communication. You can manually specify this token used by setting the `clusterAgent.token` configuration. You can alternatively set this by referencing the name of an existing `Secret` containing a `token` value through the `clusterAgent.tokenExistingSecret` configuration.

Reviewer: in `v2alpha1`:
- `clusterAgent.token` is `spec.global.clusterAgentToken `
- `clusterAgent.tokenExistingSecret` is `spec.global.clusterAgentTokenSecret`

Author: This section was actually for the Helm portion so keeping those configs as is. Had just updated this blurb to match the language of the Operator blurb, swapping out the config keys.

When set manually, this token must be 32 alphanumeric characters.

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/datadog/values.yaml
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

The Cluster Agent is enabled by default since Datadog Operator v0.7.0.

It can be managed explicitly by the `DatadogAgent` configuration:

  ```yaml
  apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
  kind: DatadogAgent
  metadata:
    name: datadog
  spec:
    global:
      credentials:
        apiKey: <DATADOG_API_KEY>

    override:
      clusterAgent:

>         disabled: false

Reviewer: no need to specify this one IMO, it's enabled by default

Author: Played around with a few versions of this. Was indeed a bit weird as Cluster Agent is enabled by default in Helm, but it reads fine as its two lines of `clusterAgent.enabled: true`. Operator has this big config to say disabled false. 

Took out the snippet so its just:
> The Cluster Agent is enabled by default since Datadog Operator v0.7.0. The Operator creates the necessary RBACs, deploys the Cluster Agent, and modifies the Agent DaemonSet configuration.
>
> This also automatically generates a random token in a Secret shared by both the Cluster Agent and the Datadog Agent to secure communication. ...

  ```

The Operator creates the necessary RBACs, deploys the Cluster Agent, and modifies the Agent DaemonSet configuration.

> This also automatically generates a random token in a `Secret` shared by both the Cluster Agent and the Datadog Agent to secure communication. You can manually specify this token used by setting the `global.clusterAgentToken` field. You can alternatively set this by referencing the name of an existing `Secret` and the data key containg this token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This also automatically generates a random token in a `Secret` shared by both the Cluster Agent and the Datadog Agent to secure communication. You can manually specify this token by setting the `global.clusterAgentToken` field. You can alternatively set this by referencing the name of an existing `Secret` and the data key containing this token.
```

This automatically updates the necessary RBAC files for the Cluster Agent and Datadog Agent. Both Agents use the same API key.

This also automatically generates a random token in a `Secret` shared by both the Cluster Agent and the Datadog Agent to secure communication. You can manually specify this token using the `clusterAgent.token` configuration. You can alternatively set this by referencing the name of an existing `Secret` containing a `token` value through the `clusterAgent.tokenExistingSecret` configuration.

When set manually, this token must be 32 alphanumeric characters.

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/blob/master/charts/datadog/values.yaml
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Operator" %}}

> The Cluster Agent is enabled by default since Datadog Operator v0.7.0. The Operator creates the necessary RBACs, deploys the Cluster Agent, and modifies the Agent DaemonSet configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cluster Agent is enabled by default since Datadog Operator v1.0.0. The Operator creates the necessary RBACs, deploys the Cluster Agent, and modifies the Agent DaemonSet configuration.
```
